readability - tutorials/howto (#188)
unfoldtoolbox/Unfold.jl: docs/src/HowTo/custom_solvers.md

# [Alternative Solvers](@id custom_solvers)

### Setup some data

```@Example main
using Unfold
using UnfoldMakie, CairoMakie
using UnfoldSim
dat, evts = UnfoldSim.predef_eeg(; noiselevel = 10, return_epoched = true)

f = @formula 0 ~ 1 + condition + continuous
designDict = Dict(Any => (f, range(0, 1, length = size(dat, 1))))
```

### GPU Solvers
GPU solvers can significantly speed up your model fitting, with observed improvements of up to a factor of 30!

```julia
using Krylov, CUDA # necessary to load the right package extension
gpu_solver =(x, y) -> Unfold.solver_krylov(x, y; GPU = true)
m = Unfold.fit(UnfoldModel, designDict, evts, dat, solver = gpu_solver)
```

> To test it, you will need to run it yourself as we cannot run it on the docs. If you require a different option than CUDA, please create an issue. Currently, we are unable to test it with any other option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test it, you will need to run it yourself as we cannot run it on the docs. If you require a different graphicscard vendor than NVIDA/CUDA, please create an issue. Currently, we are unable to test it due to lack of hardware.
```
